hey guys hey Joe we got a couple things
we got to check out at the new house you
want to come with us no thank you I know
you're not happy about us moving but
you're the only one who hasn't seen the
house yeah come with us you'll see how
close it is to the city but no it's not
close he said it was in escrow I
couldn't even find that on the map
Oh Joey escrow is there's money and it's
not the bank exactly I don't know what
it is
Joey please come mean so much to us you
know what you are my friends I want to
be supportive I will come with you
shotgun dammit alright see you guys
later
okay forget but 11 so bad you're coming
good for you that was really mature what
no the only reason I'm going to their
stupid new house is so I can point out
everything that's wrong with it so they
don't move I'm gonna make them stay in a
strange kind of grown-up
wait you can't make someone do something
they don't want to do believe me there's
something I've been trying to get Mike
to do in bed and this whoa hey
we're not talking about that now all
right prude look Monica and Chandler
really love this house you are not gonna
talk them into staying here hey hey I
can convince people to do anything you
know I bet I can even get Mike to do
that thing what is it I am NOT gonna
help you do
you